Hey Everyone.

My name's Alex, we're recording this video today to answer some questions you guys have been asking us about and to give you a tease on what the future of Asteroid Arts holds.

First off, let us start by saying thank you for the continued support after the disasterous PR mess that was Spider-Man UE4. We, as a team, learn from our actions and hope we can all move on as fans of gaming.

So without further delay, let's start.

Our first major concern from people is, what happened to Spider-Man UE4 exactly? Well, for those of you who don't know, Spider-Man UE4 was never allowed to be developed nor did we have any blessings from Marvel/Sony. And because of that, along came Marvel and closed the project down, which is understandable.

So while we are upset with the outcome of that project, it would have been foolish to not expect it.

Upon ceasing development for Spider-Man UE4, we decided an original intelectual property was best - hence "The Western Frontier." Which is our current primary focus at this moment in time.

We are still in the earlier stages of development but we hope these screenshots can help wetten your apetite. The title will be an open world, action/adventure set in 1888, where you, the player aka Thomas Black must kill, rob and cheat across Americas unforgiving West.

Apart from The Western Frontier - we did have other projects in the pipeline, Chucky: Friends 'Till The End, which we was never a primary developer on. We was originally just a support studio and was going to collaborate on the project, but sadly The Western Frontier, our original IP, became more important to us so we decided to focus our resources there.

Recently you may have spotted Superman UE4. Sadly, the same situation - we decided our resources were best spent on our own IP. Especially considering we're in the most important stage of it's development. So we're sorry if we got anyones hopes up, but there will be no Superman UE4 moving forward for the time being.

Anyways, thank you for watching and we hope you have a fantastic day, here at Asteroid Arts.

Please hit that notification bell to be alerted of any new developments on all our projects, alternatively Like us on Facebook, Follow us on Twitter and check us out over on IndieDB - all links are down below in the Description.

This is Alex, signing out.