Thomas Black is a former Lawman of Montana.

He is in his mid-30's and is a heavy-set, intimidating guy. He is very dominant and has a sense of natural leadership to those around him, making him a reliable ally to have, however - don't fuck with him, or pay the price.

Born in the mid-1850's, Thomas was born to a whore and an English traveler. Raised in an orphanage from birth, he becomes good friends with another boy at the orphanage, Constantine Lensen: same age as Thomas and a very brotherly-like demeanor.

From their early teens, the two boys often got into trouble, cheating at illegal poker games, extorting local businessmen, and racketeering a local gunsmith ring.

However, when Thomas fell in love with a young woman from Kaslington Town (A town in the game) - Constantine began to feel very jealous and thought he was losing his "brother" to some "whore" as he called her.

This woman, called Anna, was convinced that Thomas was not as bad as people in the town of Kaslington told her. She fell in love with him as he fell in love with her. She was convinced she could turn his life around and get him away from Constantine who was clearly corrupting him. Constantine didn't like this - not, one, bit.

Anna, in short, convinced Thomas to give up his Criminal Outlaw ways and go straight, however, Thomas longed for action. So it was only natural that he went in to join the Law.

Constantine saw this as the ultimate betrayal. One day, when Thomas was in the local saloon - Constantine comes in, with a gang of goons. Calling out Thomas, calling him yellow in front of everybody - however, Thomas being Thomas; doesn't like not being the alpha in a situation.

Constantine challenges Thomas to a classic duel - they take it outside, Thomas agrees sheeply but Anna worries. Everybody rushes outside to watch the epic duel between the two brothers.

Obviously, Thomas wins the duel, but doesn't kill Constantine, instead, shoots the gun from Constantine's hand with deadly precision and wants him to get out of town as a Lawman, giving him a chance for the sake of them growing up together.

Sadly, Constantine doesn't take too kindly to this -- as Thomas and everyone heads back into the Saloon (Anna under Thomas's arm), Constantine rips a revolver from the belt of one of his goons, aiming it at Thomas and shoots! However, Constantine misses Thomas and shoots Anna by mistake!

As Anna dies in Thomas's arms, anything that was pure left inside of him quickly vanishes. Constantine and Thomas have a massive fight, but Constantine gets away. With Thomas and the rest of the law killing his goons.

Thomas swears from that day to hunt down Constantine, and destroy the "Empire" he built up.

//disclaimer// SUBJECT TO CHANGE.